README.md, before:

# misp-warninglist

misp-warninglists are lists of well-known indicators that can be associated to potential false positives, errors or mistakes.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/MISP/misp-warninglists.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/MISP/misp-warninglists)

The warning lists are integrated in MISP to display an info/warning box at the event and attribute level if such indicators
are available in one of the list. The list can be globally enabled or disabled in MISP following the practices of the organization.

# lists

- [lists/akamai](lists/akamai) - Akamai networks
- [lists/alexa](lists/alexa) - Top 1000 websites from Alexa
- [lists/amazon-aws](lists/amazon-aws) - Known Amazon AWS IP address ranges
- [lists/automated-malware-analysis](lists/automated-malware-analysis) - known domains used by automated malware analysis services
- [lists/bank-website](lists/bank-website) - List of known banking website
- [lists/cisco_top1000](lists/cisco_top1000) - Cisco (Umbrella) top 1000 websites
- [lists/cloudflare](lists/cloudflare) - known IP ranges published by Cloudflare
- [lists/common-ioc-false-positive](lists/common-ioc-false-positive) - common false-positives in IOCs
- [lists/covid](lists/covid) - Valid covid-19 related domains
- [lists/crl](lists/crl-ip-hostname) - Source IP addresses, hostname and url from CRL (certificate revocation list)
- [lists/disposable-email](lists/disposable-email) - List of disposable email domains
- [lists/eicar.com](lists/eicar.com) - hashes for EICAR test virus
- [lists/empty-hashes](lists/empty-hashes) - hash values of empty files
- [lists/google-gmail-sending-ips](lists/google-gmail-sending-ips) - known IP ranges use by Google gmail mail sending
- [lists/google](lists/google) - known domains and hostnames from Google
- [lists/googlebot](lists/googlebot) - known IP ranges for googlebot crawler
- [lists/ipv6-linklocal](lists/ipv6-linklocal) - IPv6 link local prefix
- [lists/microsoft-attack-simulator](lists/microsoft-attack-simulator/) - known Office 365 hostnames and IP address used for Microsoft "Attack Simulator"
- [lists/microsoft-azure](lists/microsoft-azure) - known Microsoft Azure Datacenter IP Ranges
- [lists/microsoft-office365-cn](lists/microsoft-office365-cn) - known Office 365 IP address ranges in China
- [lists/microsoft-office365-ip](lists/microsoft-office365-ip) - known Office 365 IP address ranges
- [lists/microsoft-office365](lists/microsoft-office365) - known Office 365 URLs
- [lists/microsoft-win10-connection-endpoints](lists/microsoft-win10-connection-endpoints/) - known Windows 10 connection endpoints
- [lists/microsoft](lists/microsoft) - known Microsoft domains
- [lists/mozilla-CA](lists/mozilla-CA) - Mozilla keystore CA
- [lists/mozilla-IntermediateCA](lists/mozilla-IntermediateCA) - Mozilla keystore Intermediate CA
- [lists/multicast](lists/multicast) - known IPv4 multicast CIDR blocks
- [lists/ovh-cluster](lists/ovh-cluster) - List of known OVH Cluster IP
- [lists/public-dns-v4](lists/public-dns-v4) - IPv4 addresses and reverse of public DNS resolver
- [lists/public-dns-v6](lists/public-dns-v6) - IPv6 addresses and reverse of public DNS resolver
- [lists/rfc1918](lists/rfc1918) - RFC 1918 network subnets
- [lists/rfc3849](lists/rfc3849) - RFC 3849 - Documentation prefix for ipv6
- [lists/rfc5735](lists/rfc5735) - RFC 5735 CIDR blocks - Special Use IPv4 Addresses
- [lists/rfc6598](lists/rfc6598) - RFC 6598 IANA-Reserved IPv4 Prefix for Shared Address Space (Carrier- Grade NAT (CGN) devices)
- [lists/rfc6761](lists/rfc6761) - RFC 6761 Special-Use Domain Names
- [lists/second-level-tlds](lists/second-level-tlds) - Mozilla list of second level top-level domains
- [lists/security-provider-blogpost](lists/security-provider-blogpost) - Security providers or vendors blog domains
- [lists/sinkholes](lists/sinkholes) - List of known sinkholes
- [lists/tlds](lists/tlds) - top-level domains
- [lists/tranco](lists/tranco) - Top 1,000,000 domains from [Tranco](https://tranco-list.eu/)
- [lists/university_domains](lists/university_domains) - University domain names
- [lists/url-shortener](lists/url-shortener) - URL shorteners services
- [lists/vpn-ipv4](lists/vpn-ipv4) - Specialized list of IPv4 addresses belonging to common VPN providers and datacenters
- [lists/vpn-ipv6](lists/vpn-ipv6) - Specialized list of IPv6 addresses belonging to common VPN providers and datacenters
- [lists/whats-my-ip](lists/whats-my-ip) - "What's my IP" service
- [lists/wikimedia/list.json](lists/wikimedia/) - Lists of subnet used by Wikimedia (such as Wikipedia and alike)

# Format of a warning list

~~~~json
{
  "name": "List of known public DNS resolvers",
  "version": 1,
  "description": "Event contains one or more public DNS resolvers as attribute with an IDS flag set",
  "matching_attributes": [
    "ip-src",
    "ip-dst"
  ],
  "list": [
    "8.8.8.8",
    "8.8.4.4",
    "208.67.222.222",
    "208.67.220.220",
    "195.46.39.39",
    "195.46.39.40"
  ]
}
~~~~

If matching_attributes are not set, the list is matched against any type of attributes.

## type of warning list

- ```string``` (default) - perfect match of a string in the warning list against matching attributes
- ```substring``` - substring matching of a string in the warning list against matching attributes
- ```hostname``` - hostname matching (e.g. domain matching from URL) of a string in the warning list against matching attributes
- ```cidr``` - IP or CDIR block matching in the warning list against matching attributes
- ```regex``` - regex matching of a string matching attributes

# Processing warning lists in python

See [PyMISPWarningLists](https://github.com/MISP/PyMISPWarningLists) for a
python interface to warning lists.

# License

MISP warning-lists are licensed under [CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) -  Public Domain Dedication. If a specific author of a taxonomy wants to license it under a different license, a pull request can be requested.

Commit message:

Added Majestic Million to Readme
Added Majestic Million to Readme

README.md, after:

# misp-warninglist

misp-warninglists are lists of well-known indicators that can be associated to potential false positives, errors or mistakes.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/MISP/misp-warninglists.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/MISP/misp-warninglists)

The warning lists are integrated in MISP to display an info/warning box at the event and attribute level if such indicators
are available in one of the list. The list can be globally enabled or disabled in MISP following the practices of the organization.

# lists

- [lists/akamai](lists/akamai) - Akamai networks
- [lists/alexa](lists/alexa) - Top 1000 websites from Alexa
- [lists/amazon-aws](lists/amazon-aws) - Known Amazon AWS IP address ranges
- [lists/automated-malware-analysis](lists/automated-malware-analysis) - known domains used by automated malware analysis services
- [lists/bank-website](lists/bank-website) - List of known banking website
- [lists/cisco_top1000](lists/cisco_top1000) - Cisco (Umbrella) top 1000 websites
- [lists/cloudflare](lists/cloudflare) - known IP ranges published by Cloudflare
- [lists/common-ioc-false-positive](lists/common-ioc-false-positive) - common false-positives in IOCs
- [lists/covid](lists/covid) - Valid covid-19 related domains
- [lists/crl](lists/crl-ip-hostname) - Source IP addresses, hostname and url from CRL (certificate revocation list)
- [lists/disposable-email](lists/disposable-email) - List of disposable email domains
- [lists/eicar.com](lists/eicar.com) - hashes for EICAR test virus
- [lists/empty-hashes](lists/empty-hashes) - hash values of empty files
- [lists/google-gmail-sending-ips](lists/google-gmail-sending-ips) - known IP ranges use by Google gmail mail sending
- [lists/google](lists/google) - known domains and hostnames from Google
- [lists/googlebot](lists/googlebot) - known IP ranges for googlebot crawler
- [lists/ipv6-linklocal](lists/ipv6-linklocal) - IPv6 link local prefix
- [lists/majestic_million](lists/majestic_million) - List of top 10K of the most referring subnets (Majestic Million - 10K).
- [lists/microsoft-attack-simulator](lists/microsoft-attack-simulator/) - known Office 365 hostnames and IP address used for Microsoft "Attack Simulator"
- [lists/microsoft-azure](lists/microsoft-azure) - known Microsoft Azure Datacenter IP Ranges
- [lists/microsoft-office365-cn](lists/microsoft-office365-cn) - known Office 365 IP address ranges in China
- [lists/microsoft-office365-ip](lists/microsoft-office365-ip) - known Office 365 IP address ranges
- [lists/microsoft-office365](lists/microsoft-office365) - known Office 365 URLs
- [lists/microsoft-win10-connection-endpoints](lists/microsoft-win10-connection-endpoints/) - known Windows 10 connection endpoints
- [lists/microsoft](lists/microsoft) - known Microsoft domains
- [lists/mozilla-CA](lists/mozilla-CA) - Mozilla keystore CA
- [lists/mozilla-IntermediateCA](lists/mozilla-IntermediateCA) - Mozilla keystore Intermediate CA
- [lists/multicast](lists/multicast) - known IPv4 multicast CIDR blocks
- [lists/ovh-cluster](lists/ovh-cluster) - List of known OVH Cluster IP
- [lists/public-dns-v4](lists/public-dns-v4) - IPv4 addresses and reverse of public DNS resolver
- [lists/public-dns-v6](lists/public-dns-v6) - IPv6 addresses and reverse of public DNS resolver
- [lists/rfc1918](lists/rfc1918) - RFC 1918 network subnets
- [lists/rfc3849](lists/rfc3849) - RFC 3849 - Documentation prefix for ipv6
- [lists/rfc5735](lists/rfc5735) - RFC 5735 CIDR blocks - Special Use IPv4 Addresses
- [lists/rfc6598](lists/rfc6598) - RFC 6598 IANA-Reserved IPv4 Prefix for Shared Address Space (Carrier- Grade NAT (CGN) devices)
- [lists/rfc6761](lists/rfc6761) - RFC 6761 Special-Use Domain Names
- [lists/second-level-tlds](lists/second-level-tlds) - Mozilla list of second level top-level domains
- [lists/security-provider-blogpost](lists/security-provider-blogpost) - Security providers or vendors blog domains
- [lists/sinkholes](lists/sinkholes) - List of known sinkholes
- [lists/tlds](lists/tlds) - top-level domains
- [lists/tranco](lists/tranco) - Top 1,000,000 domains from [Tranco](https://tranco-list.eu/)
- [lists/university_domains](lists/university_domains) - University domain names
- [lists/url-shortener](lists/url-shortener) - URL shorteners services
- [lists/vpn-ipv4](lists/vpn-ipv4) - Specialized list of IPv4 addresses belonging to common VPN providers and datacenters
- [lists/vpn-ipv6](lists/vpn-ipv6) - Specialized list of IPv6 addresses belonging to common VPN providers and datacenters
- [lists/whats-my-ip](lists/whats-my-ip) - "What's my IP" service
- [lists/wikimedia/list.json](lists/wikimedia/) - Lists of subnet used by Wikimedia (such as Wikipedia and alike)

# Format of a warning list

~~~~json
{
  "name": "List of known public DNS resolvers",
  "version": 1,
  "description": "Event contains one or more public DNS resolvers as attribute with an IDS flag set",
  "matching_attributes": [
    "ip-src",
    "ip-dst"
  ],
  "list": [
    "8.8.8.8",
    "8.8.4.4",
    "208.67.222.222",
    "208.67.220.220",
    "195.46.39.39",
    "195.46.39.40"
  ]
}
~~~~

If matching_attributes are not set, the list is matched against any type of attributes.

## type of warning list

- ```string``` (default) - perfect match of a string in the warning list against matching attributes
- ```substring``` - substring matching of a string in the warning list against matching attributes
- ```hostname``` - hostname matching (e.g. domain matching from URL) of a string in the warning list against matching attributes
- ```cidr``` - IP or CDIR block matching in the warning list against matching attributes
- ```regex``` - regex matching of a string matching attributes

# Processing warning lists in python

See [PyMISPWarningLists](https://github.com/MISP/PyMISPWarningLists) for a
python interface to warning lists.

# License

MISP warning-lists are licensed under [CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) -  Public Domain Dedication. If a specific author of a taxonomy wants to license it under a different license, a pull request can be requested.
